icloudbypass
============

How to bypass iCloud activation from iPhone, iPad and iPod when DoulCi is available for 4,4s,5,5c,5s [Tutorial] How to bypass iCloud activation from iPhone, iPad and iPod when DoulCi is available  Hello people! I’m writing a quick and easy guide for people who do not know how to unlock their device using the DoulCi Server. This article will also be updated with the new DoulCi’s ip, when available and online! We can start: FOR WINDOWS USERS You need to edit your “hosts” file which is located underC:\Windows\System32\Drivers\etc directory.edithosts  Edit your hosts file with an Text Editor (example NotePad++) and add this red marked text as show in image below xxx.xxx.xx.xx albert.apple.com (change xxx value with the new DoulCi ip wrote below) after save file.notepadhosts  On your iDevice follow the activation steps until the message of iCloud Activation Lock appears.iphoneactivationlock Open iTunes and Plug your iDevice on the USB port.plugiphone You’ll be asked by iTunes to accept unsecured albert in the middle of the process. Just accept that (it’s important). When you got an error on iTunes, click OK, and finish the activation steps on your device. Finish the activation on your iDevice and re-plug the device again so it can be recognized by iTunes.  FOR MAC USERS Open Applications and going on Utility and open Terminal Appopenterminal When you are on terminal app write this command: sudo nano /private/etc/hosts and write your system passwordsudo nano hosts  Now you are able to edit hosts file, you can move in with the arrows of keyboard and write the ip of DoulCi (ex. xxx.xxx.xx.x albert.apple.com)edit hosts When you have finished editing it to save press ctrl + o and for exit from editing ctrl + xfinished editing hosts sudo nano Follow from 3th Step of Windows Users Tutorial This is all, you have bypassed iCloud Activation lock! :-)  For more information visit all our last posts
